RHDEVDOCS-6893: CQA 2.0: Observability (#107147)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/ob-builds-controller-metrics.adoc

// * observability/build-controller-observability.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE
[id="ob-builds-controller-metrics_{context}"]
= Builds controller metrics

[role="_abstract"]

> Builds controller metrics expose the internal state and activity of the builds controller in OpenShift.

Reviewer: Based on https://redhat-documentation.github.io/supplementary-style-guide/#openshift -> to not use openshift without specific distro:

```suggestion
Builds controller metrics expose the internal state and activity of the builds controller in {ocp-product-title}.
```
